hey everybody welcome back drum roll
please
superhero Theory so Casey what is it
that draws you into the world of
superheroes and Comic Cons and all that
stuff um it's really fandom itself I
wouldn't necessarily say it's
superheroes for me specifically but it's
sort of that community you have when you
all come behind one story or one
character or group of characters and I
don't know that can make sense of
community that you get at a convention
especially so yeah I don't know it's
just that collective like we're all on
the same team feeling that I get from
conventions it's really interesting
especially now in today's world so it
used to be you got that sense of
community by going to the movie theater
and it was seeing it in the public
format that really like made you feel
connected it was a shared experience
other people were laughing they were
gasping all at the same time and that
was such an important part of the
experience for me and I never in a
million years would have believed that I
would be one of the people driving the
move away from theaters and now I'd much
rather watch something at home and I
have a really hard time like even
dunkirk I really want to see Dunkirk but
it's like ah there's just enough
friction with leaving and seeing it on
the big screen even though I know that
is a movie that really warrants being
seen on the big screen so man nobody is
more surprised than me so it's really
interesting I've never put that together
that it it is fandom in and of itself
and when I think about one of the things
that we're trying to harness and one of
the reasons that I keep like so we talk
internally a lot about being confronted
so the new show that we're doing needs
to be con friendly it's not all around
superheroes to your point but it needs
to be con friendly and I think you may
have put your finger on what it is about
that that I like there's this nerd
culture really has just gravitated
towards the the group coming together as
a collective celebrating that attachment
to something to an ethos to a storyline
to a character that I find really really
fascinating but what's interesting is
not all of it is around
I fetish which is empowerment so what do
you what do you think makes for
something that's really popular in that
world like why like twin peaks' that
makes sense at comic-con but like
friends wouldn't right so wow like what
is that sort of ineffable quality that
makes it con friendly well there's
something I guess a lot of people would
say there needs to be a fantastic
element to whatever the property is but
I think also it just has to be but Big
Bang Theory the that's a special case I
think because the show itself is about
people who are fans of nerd culture
alright first it's kind of a special
case right ordinarily I don't think a
sitcom would ever be at comic-con but
they talk about going to comic-con so I
think it's the past right but in general
I think it's properties that have giant
worlds so that you can really nerd out
on the details
in fact like just yesterday Jared and I
were talking about Game of Thrones and
Courtney was marveling that we spent a
half hour just talking continuously
because that's how big the world is if
you're a fan and you find another fan
you can just go on and on I could talk
forever so and that's a big thing for me
about going to Khan is I always feel
like Oh almost like this is home and
like everyone there is just so happy to
be there even if you're fans of
different worlds you sort of have that
just that same I don't know
kinship thanks hey thanks Cindy so yeah
alright that makes no sense
alright so you were saying okay so we'll
start with Superman's do it um what I
always liked most about Superman was
actually Clark Kent which is why I wore
this outfit by the way world's worst
disguise for point down I'm fairly wait
I'm like what are you really that good
of a
no no let's let's be honest I always
loved Clark even more than Superman
really that's interest I like he's so
awkward and I think I always identify
with awkward characters and then I
actually have a quote from one of the
creators of Superman Jerry Siegel about
what they were going for when they made
the character so if you're interested in
what made Superman what it is here's one
of the keys to what made it universally
acceptable Joe and I had certain
inhibitions which led to wish
fulfillment which we expressed through
our interest in science fiction and our
comic strip that's where the dual
identity concept came from and Clark
Kent's problems with Lois I imagine
there are a lot of people in this world
who are similarly frustrated Joe and I
both felt that way in high school and he
was able to put the feeling into
sketches so curious what you think about
Superman is like a wish fulfillment
character Wow
so that is really interesting and I'm
literally putting this together in real
time yeah I've never thought about that
before
I have spent an inordinate amount of
time fantasizing about magic genies and
one of the reasons I used to ask people
the magic Genie question when I was
interviewing is it gets to their truest
value system and because I have spent so
much time thinking about it it was a
release valve for me so the fact that I
would never have superpowers like in
that sort of grandiose way spending as
much time as I have spent thinking about
a magic Genie like some little part of
me it it made it real right and I've
talked a lot about the pacifying effect
of fantasizing about having already
accomplished your dreams and how I can
actually spill over into the dangerous
realm but when I say it actually
bothered me like there's legitimate
heartbreak to the fact that I will never
have superpowers that magic Genie
question always like oh if if I
encounter that magic Genie
Superman is exactly that like there's
this sense of like fantasizing about
being all-powerful invincible like
the intoxication of invincibility to
never have it like as somebody who's had
anxiety
the idea being invincible like nothing
can hurt you is really incredible which
is probably also why I think that the
storylines that are intriguing in
Superman all come down to robbing him of
the wish fulfillment and putting him in
an area where now he's impoverished
again relationships emotion loss of
family being alone isolation like I
think there are unbelievable low budget
stories to tell about Superman where all
the superhero stuff falls to the
background and his his like power
becomes the thing that isolates them and
getting to like it's kind of like Jim
Carrey's quote I wish everyone could get
rich and famous so that you would see
that that's not the answer right like
spending so much time fantasizing about
Superman but then colliding with the
realities of it wouldn't change anything
like all the doubts and insecurities
that you have about your worthiness and
all of that like they would still be
there because it's like this universal
human trait about having a brain that's
made up of a lizard brain of mammalian
bein brain and a neocortex like it is
the truth the the fragility of our
worthiness which comes and goes you know
so like Superman people not wanting him
to be there or not thinking he's doing
enough or you know all of those like
Jesus like is it ever enough or not
being able to get Lois Lane and knowing
that when he's Clark Kent she won't look
at him twice but when he's Superman and
feels distant anyway I could really go
off on that which I did not see coming
and in fact the things because I also
have Superman on my list but it's it's I
think gonna be very different than the
things you have on your list would you
like to well I please go like you're
you're really stirring things up for me
here um well do you think we all have
that Superman lurking within us then can
we like if we're all caught up Clark
Kent initially or if we feel like we're
Clark Kent can we release that Superman
identity is that should we be doing well
I'll answer what your the words you're
asking and then I'll answer what your
you're actually getting at
the answer to the words is no I don't
think hiding in all of us is the
Superman I don't think hiding in all of
us is anything so I think it's really
about development rather than discovery
so you have to turn in and develop
something now on a long enough timeline
I think people can develop obviously not
those exact superpowers but you can get
to the point where you've accumulated so
much knowledge and ability that you you
can rise above other people and do
things that that do appear sort of
superhuman in in a realistic way and so
understanding that difference and
understanding the heartbreak of looking
at humana be looking at all the people
that you love and knowing that most of
them will never even try to manifest
their potential right and in this group
it's it's very easy to lose sight of
most people are like that like most of
the people and this is why we get asked
this question all the time what do you
do when you love somebody that has a
fixed mindset because they're never
going to go about and express that
potential so I can't believe we're
already at the halfway point so I'll
leave it at that I never thought I
thought 30 minutes would be tough to
fill and now I'm realizing Jesus here's
which is very interesting and I'd really
I really really want feedback on this
segment and look whatever our next
segment is maybe we can push it a little
bit I'd like to spend a little more time
on this because so here's my thesis and
one thing that I'm really really curious
and I need your how many people are in
the feed right now Jesus guys you can be
so useful to us right now I really
really want to know so one we wouldn't
do it on this set because this this
moment feels very in congruous for me
when I'm used to being in such a
different mindset on this particular set
we're building out the new set and this
was the moment that Lisa and I were
thinking about when we were building out
the new set in our minds was literally
you and cosplay me like going into like
some deeper [__] and you're blowing me
away right now with your insights and
questions which is really really really
cool and I want to know like if this
stuff is meaningful to you this is
really meaningful to me and
searching through like why these kinds
and it's not always gonna be superheroes
but why fandom characters do create
community why we become so obsessed with
their worlds why I find it more
accessible to talk about leadership in
the realm of Game of Thrones then I have
no interest in writing a blog article
about the three styles of leadership
until you let me talk about the game of
thrones then I'm [__] intrigued
especially if I can use the imagery and
clips so I really really want to know
obviously sit back listen to the rest of
this but I want to know if this
resonates with you or not if we need to
rethink this this is better for me than
I thought it would be so keep going okay
second hero well so are your diamond
Superman okay so let me go into Superman
just so we're not bouncing back and
forth so it's really really interesting
to contrast this so Superman to me was
always my my guilty superhero was the
one that never felt like it was okay to
admit that I liked him because he's
given everything and he didn't have to
work for it and it's Anathem lets my
entire belief system that you're not
born you create yourself but he's born
he's he's given all of this stuff by the
Yellow Sun and then I remember in my
time of crisis because I couldn't shake
him I couldn't stop thinking about him I
couldn't stop being inspired by that
wish fulfillment which I had never put
my finger on but the thing that finally
clicked into place when you know back in
whatever was 2007 that I had sort of my
emotional crisis and realized I'm
chasing money and what is this and I
don't feel alive and my life literally
feels this cliche is it feels empty and
meaningless and totally devoid of
purpose so why is Superman she keeps
coming to my mind and I realize that it
was about the Yellow Sun and while
Superman is not the thing that I turn to
to be inspired by strength Superman is
the thing that I turn to to remember
that each of us become superhuman when
we find our Yellow Sun so when you take
Superman
the Yellow Sun he's just a normal person
he doesn't have superpowers and the
allegory in that is that the Yellow Sun
is passion and for me when I can tap
into passion like you you've seen me do
it right I'll click over into something
and then I feel capable of rallying
people getting people excited to believe
in the vision but if I can't click over
into that I don't have the energy I
don't the ideas aren't coming as fast my
brain isn't firing as fast I'm not
making these unique creative connections
but when I click over into passion
everything is different and I really do
feel capable of the extraordinary and so
that became this defining moment for me
as I realized I was no longer gonna
chase money I thought I just couldn't do
it that I'd moved away from my Yellow
Sun I'd spent so much time thinking
about Batman right my life was reversed
I was spending 80 percent of the time
and the darkness thinking that it was
good not realizing just how corrosive it
was becoming and then I flipped it and
it became about being in that Yellow Sun
and finding my passion and having a
mission and being awash in that thing
that makes me special that makes any of
us special and because that was so
utterly profound and literally has
become like that thing that sits at the
center of me like you know with Iron Man
where he's got that energy thing
generating right at the center of his
chest that was like the analogy is Super
Man in the Yellow Sun so that's really
the the driver for me that we all have
kryptonite that makes us weak like what
is that thing that's your that makes you
feel badly about yourself or I hate the
word trigger because that's really taken
on some weird connotations but what's
something that puts you in a dark place
right and it could be something as
simple as seasonal effect ation disorder
or it could be your mom right like just
some weird thing that draws you into a
dark place a memory and abuse and
childhood like whatever that thing is
but we all have some kryptonite some
thing that we have to get through and I
love that that you have this image of
this invincible being but there's that
one thing right like everybody has that
and no matter how powerful you are
there's no substitute for human
connections
going back to the world that I want to
see come to fruition first Superman
would be that where his superpowers are
in the background and and we're just
looking at you know a tale of loss we're
looking at like what what does a
relationship look like for somebody that
has accepted that kind of responsibility
right what does that all look like and
and and can he be functioning and
Christian Christian Christopher and I've
been up for a long time Christopher and
I were talking about Superman too which
is both it's my favorite Superman movie
it's his favorite superhero movie where
Superman loses his powers that's when it
got interesting for me because now you
get into the vulnerability and what does
it mean to lose something to lose your
identity to give up your identity
Reich's he gives it up alright so I'm
surprised at how much I could go on
about Superman
yeah all right who's next for you next
is your shirt Batman
nice you already started touching on
what I wanted to ask you about so I
think Batman's
most like recognizable characteristic is
the darkness so really and and it's just
like it's such a key element to his
character in the fact that he's sort of
regarded as a vigilante by a lot of
people his costume itself is very
menacing on purpose as the bat yeah he
does his deeds in the dark and he's
driven by something very dark the death
of his parents which could be seen as
sort of just a vengeance tale versus
what you would think a hero should be
doing so I guess I want to ask you what
you think of how he uses his darkness to
do good because I know you think there's
there's certainly motivational for lack
of a better word elements to having a
darkness in you and how you can use that
to actually achieve something good so it
the the Frank Miller version of The Dark
Knight Returns where we see a haggard
Batman an aged Batman who's given
everything up in that pursuit to me is
really the the ultimate vision
where this leads he's done after chills
he's done incredible things but he's
given his life he's still breathing but
he's really given his life and I think
that's the truth of the dark side it
allows you and the dark side is real
okay that is and I think everybody
intuitively knows that but there's so
much association to Star Wars that I
think people get lost in in fantasy and
mythology when they hear that but within
all of us is a reaction to it's it's a
reaction of anger it's a reaction of
hate we're all capable of rage like we
all know that intuitively so when we're
talking about the darkness that's what
we're talking about it is a very
compelling force and allows you to do
things physically that otherwise you
wouldn't be capable of so having that be
the core of Batman I think is really
really fascinating but Frank Miller's
take of the corrosive nature of that is
so important for people to understand
because because it is powerful because
there can be an addictive quality to
spending your time there and the
certainty of being outraged and being
full of hate and the clarity that that
brings that people can end up spending
too much of their time there and in that
telling of Batman where it really Rob's
him of a chance to have a joyful life I
think that's that's important and it's
important to see both of those sides and
Batman just the he's aspirational right
we all want to be that badass I remember
reading about I was talking to my
business partner about this and he and I
actually can't even remember if I read
it or if he just retold it so well but
that he reads lips in Russian right like
that's Batman so he sees this Russian
guy and he's talking and so not only
does he know how to read lips but he
knows how to speak Russian and that that
was sort of that moment that really
epitomizes like how hard Batman is
trained
how many skills Batman is acquired and
doing all of that to serve something
bigger than yourself but he has that one
fatal flaw which is that he can't stop
living in the darkness that is super
intriguing to me so speaking about all
of those skills
Batman has no superpowers
inherently he developed everything
through strict training quiet he really
really taught himself how to be a super
girl and then additionally he was
wealthy Bruce Wayne was wealthy so he
could use his money to develop the
Batmobile and all those you know
weaponry and everything so what do you
think about superheroes that don't have
those inherent superpowers as like
Superman as compared to someone like
Batman I think that's a reason a lot of
people love that man because he's just a
man who developed those skills yeah
honestly like I I would be a little
surprised it's very possible that
somebody could pitch a really compelling
idea that we just have to develop where
it's true superpowers but I find myself
infinitely more drawn to people that
don't have superpowers
so in in the real comic book world
daredevil has superpowers he gets
toxic-waste in his eye and it's a time
where it's sort of the radioactive thing
and when I read it I set that aside and
I just say this is a guy who's developed
his hearing to the point where it feels
like vision and he's learned to do
echolocation because there are really
people that can do that have you ever
seen that blind kid that can rollerblade
it's unbelievable and they have him
rollerblading down the street and he's
clicking clicking clicking he's like
kirb kirb kirb kirb garbage can
literally right as he comes to a garbage
can click car car garbage can space it's
so unreal and he's just doing it
clicking clicking clicking but he's
gotten so good at reading the literally
the echolocation so humans are really
capable of just absolutely extraordinary
things and so having somebody who does
super heroic stuff and I'm willing to
suspend disbelief and you know accept
that like look the dude would have
punctured as long and be bleeding to
death on the street right now in truth
and I but I would rather that I would
rather it be painted as this is somebody
who through extraordinary effort has
developed extraordinary skills and I
really daredevil is actually one of my
favorite characters because of that like
once if if you will allow me to sort of
step outside of Cannon for a second and
say that it's something that he's
developed just super super powerful
so those are the kinds of when I think
about us getting into superheroes I see
it it going that way and one of the
superheroes I want to do I was telling
you guys it's based on a real story of
this guy that slit his daughter's throat
and I like all three of his children I
think there were three girls if I'm not
mistaken so let's all their throats and
and dumps their bodies in the ditch but
she didn't die for real and like what
what does that person look like as a
superhero right what do they look like
when instead of being broken by that
event which is exactly what happens to
most people decides that she's gonna
come back and protect people that don't
you know aren't able to protect
themselves and what does that look like
what does she have to put herself
through and how does she deal with a
trauma like it there's just really
something there but not making her a
superhero but making her capable of
super heroics so dare I say those are
the sort of superhero tales we want to
tell no question on impact theory no
very calming yeah literally I mean that
that's that's exactly it and you know I
think there are other things that we'll
want to do as well that aren't
necessarily even around the ethos of
being a superhero and I would love to
bring a more manga style not not
artistically but a more like everyday
exploration because it's the
serialization that I really like all
right I can tell we're gonna go on
forever now it's giveaway question
starting in 1989 and in chronological
order Jesus name every live-action film
that's already been released in which
Batman appears and named the actor who
played him is this really like ultimate
prize make the question this is in
default Wow
this this is hardcore so I hope we're
giving something pretty amazing away for
this one
oh all right there you go this is for
the fellow nerds out there starting in
1989 and in chronological order name
every live-action film that's already
been released in which Batman appears
and named the actor who played him Wow
all right cool how much time do we have
or how much time are we over at this
point
Wow let us let us have like five more
minutes
how much over are we give us give us
five more minutes so there's no please
no no okay so do you want to select cuz
I was gonna go to Wonder Woman next okay
what you wonder woman
okay because we haven't done Familia
great so Wonder Woman so looking up some
of the history of Wonder Woman I read
that the creator his name's William
Moulton Marston she first appeared in
1941 he said he created her as a
reaction to the hyper masculine violence
of other comic-book heroes and she
alternatively would be a hero that
values love and peace but would be just
as strong and powerful as the male
heroes so I'm curious then sort of if
Wonder Woman is an example of a
different type of hero if we translate
that into a leader
how can a leader express strength and
power positively lead by that example
wow what a great question and I would
love to echo it with a tale of a female
but I'm gonna give you a tale of Jon
Snow and so talked about this earlier in
the one of the other impact
entertainment segments that we did
talking about the three styles of
leadership and the remaining characters
of Game of Thrones and this is very much
a spoiler alert so stop watching if
you're not cut up on Game of Thrones I'm
not gonna get specific not intentionally
but I just always so worried about
revealing something Jon Snow to me is
the leader I aspire to be so if you
think about the three leadership styles
Rennae of Cersei you have Denarius and
you have Jon Snow
Cersei they're literally a spectrum so
you have Cersei over here she's evil
rules by fear is not hesitant to kill a
whole lot of people and it maintains her
power by being effective and I think
that's important for people to
understand like she there's economic
prosperity in in her kingdom that's just
true now whether that economic
prosperity is simply because everyone is
too afraid to oppose her doesn't matter
there's economic prosperity so
between being afraid of her and the
economic prosperity nobody's pushing
back but everybody wants her to fail not
realizing of course that her death would
create a power vacuum and then what
happens in that power vacuum and we see
that when despots are removed from power
all the time you think you're better off
without them but because they usually
get replaced by another [__] it's
like you know it's a really gnarly
situation to be in and reading
revolution for dummies by bassem youssef
was a real eye-opener for me so then in
the middle you've got Denarius and
Denarius is very benevolent she's a
benevolent dictator she wants good
things she wants to free people
considers herself the breaker of chains
but at the same time she's got three
[__] dragons behind her and tells you
you have to bend the knee there's no if
ands or buts you're either gonna be
exiled or killed so there is fear now
people do love her but they also fear
her and then the third style is Jon Snow
and Jon is leading from the front that's
the most important thing about him he
has a sword and he is in the mix with
you and he's never gonna ask you to go
first
like he's gonna lead the charge in the
Battle of the bastards I mean he's
literally right there with total
disregard for himself just going to you
know take on the whole [__] army so
that there's something so inspiring like
he's the only one I think that's
inspiring Denarius maybe leaves you in
awe because she's got the Dragons and
she frees people and but he's inspiring
you wants to rush to his aid but he's
vulnerable and he's vulnerable in times
of fear and failure so when you don't
have the dragons behind you the you know
army that you control or whatever and we
see that and this spoiler spoiler
spoiler alert he gets killed and it's
not until he comes back from the dead
that he's able to were able to see like
what he does now and how he goes about
earning loyalty but seeing him have to
go through that betrayal is is really
tough but looking at him and the and I
think it the thing that I really really
respond to in him is leading from the
front and so when
you think about somebody when you bring
it into a business context in the you
know the framework of Wonder Woman and
leading with something other than just
dominance and aggression like what does
that create so he's an example of that
there have really been other great
leaders in business that have have taken
a much and you know let's talk about
John Paul DeJoria right who we had on
the show and who's a great example of
really creating a welcoming loving
culture where people feel cared for and
respected and like they're a part of it
and I think in like 35 years they've
lost less than 70 people I mean that's
that is bonkers so really speaks to the
kind of culture that he's created so I
think there there are paths and it'll be
really interesting to see where the next
10 and 20 years brings as we have more
women that are you know Sheryl Sandberg
leaning into it rising to power really
beginning to redefine what women are
capable of in the corporate world I
think this is going to be really really
exciting to see how many of them adopt
sort of traditionally male aggressive
techniques which can work very
effectively and how many go in the
complete opposite direction I think
we're gonna see a lot because of social
media that can really be empowered and
go in the complete opposite direction
but there there is there really is a
vulnerability to not having something
that is the hammer right so it'll be
intriguing to see you think part of the
reason he he came to that leadership
style is because he's not a born leader
he never thought he would be a leader he
thought it was the bastard
he's Jon Snow well what's interesting as
Danny or Cersei who kind of always
thought they deserved it or it wasn't
meant well I see it's it's the reverse
he's the only born leader so he's just
trusting his gut he's going off of
instinct the others are using tactics
and I guess they thought they were owed
I guess is what I mean
for sure for sure they they were
destined for the literally born to be
the ruler it's interesting yeah I think
that some of this humility comes from
that I think some of it comes from being
raised as a warrior instead
a politician so like none of that you
know ever would have entered into his
consciousness the things that he was
raised on were to be a protector that if
you have to do something bad that it
needs to be done yourself like you need
to be the one wielding the sword and not
asking somebody else to do your dirty
work so you know all of the things that
were instilled in him that would lead
him to always be leading from the front
honor wanting to be proud of himself
wanting to do the right thing you know
really leading from gut instinct having
risen from the bottom and coming to the
top there's really two types of people
that rise up to the top and say now I
get a chance to step on the people below
me and then there's a people were like
I'm gonna break the cycle and I'm not
gonna treat people like that and so it's
it's always really cool when you see
someone who's truly gifted and that's
the thing about Jon Snow is he's
actually a good leader he actually wins
not always but he he really is a capable
fighter if nothing else and a capable
team builder so that's what's really
interesting is the way that he uses
democracy to get people behind him and
all right I'm we have anything else on
one room and I don't want to run out of
time and I feel like I drifted right
back there male characters and I was
just gonna ask obviously we all know
that the latest Wonder Woman film was
massively successful and curious your
thoughts on why now it took so long to
get the film out there there have been
plenty of superhero female lead films
that have failed prior to this although
there been a lot of action lead female
leads that have succeeded the alien
movie star wars all that so why did it
take so long for a female superhero film
specifically Wonder Woman the original
probably most popular well I think some
of that is just DC had a hard time with
their universe and in really getting it
together in terms of bringing their
characters successfully to screen so and
I can not at all speak to the internal
drama that led to that so the the why
now I don't know right time a lot of
juice around the 75th anniversary I
think they timed it
well and I think they just executed a
great film and I think that male/female
doesn't matter or like you can really
root for somebody who has a core set of
values that they're gonna steer by
that's it they have a sense of right and
wrong
they're fish-out-of-water they're having
to learn and adapt and they didn't make
classic mistakes right she's not ever
saved by a man right so she really kicks
ass takes names is a super empowered
character and some of the criticism that
was thrown at it I just did not feel
even one iota while I was watching the
movie she didn't seem dumb to me in the
slide she seemed like a fish out of
water like you're gonna be you're not
gonna know things when you come from an
entirely essentially different universe
right so she was orienting herself more
than I felt like she was dim-witted she
never came across as dim-witted to me at
all so walking out a movie had no idea
there was negative feedback and so I was
just like oh my god that was so fun at
least it was like I loved it like we
were both like that was amazing and so
then hearing that there was some
backlash I was a little bit surprised so
I'm glad that the numbers speak for
themselves and that it crushed and did a
really good job I think the audience has
spoken you know I I'm actually I've
never read any of the comic books so I
have a vague sense from like the 70s TV
show but but that's really it so
unfortunately I don't have deep insights
to offer but I think at this point we
have to wrap time yeah so all right we
didn't get to neo so yeah so I'm really
mortified but it'll give us something to
come back to all right so the giveaway
winner is Christophe lo jeast
I like we're gonna say that's how it's
pronounced Christophe lodgest
congratulations man thank you guys for
joining us for that inaugural episode of
superhero Theory so I'm really really
eager to see what you guys have to say
about that in the comments this could be
a really fun segment that we continue
not just with superheroes but more pop
culture or things like what we did
earlier with leadership lessons and
things like that
all right so Casey thank you so much for
coming in your outfit which was
absolutely amazing I'm super super
appreciative that was awesome so thank
you very much
you